feat(files): read-only mode (#300)
codesandbox/sandpack: website/docs/docs/getting-started/custom-content.md

The `active` flag has precendence over the `hidden` flag. So a file with both `hidden` and `active` set as `true` will be visible.
:::

### Read-only mode

> You can set just one or more files as read-only or the entire Sandpack, which will make all files non-editable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set one, multiple files, or the entire Sandpack as read-only, which will make all files non-editable.
```
